Onboarding | Tables
The DataCamp interface for SQL courses contains a few unique features you should be aware of.
For this course, you'll be using a database containing information on almost 5000 films. To the right, underneath the editor, you can see the data in this database by clicking through the tabs.
From looking at the tabs, who is the first person listed in the people table?

Possible Answers
Kanye West
Biggie Smalls
<<50 Cent>>
Jay Z


Notice the query result tab in the bottom right corner of your screen. This is where the results of your SQL queries will be displayed.
Run this query in the editor and check out the resulting table in the query result tab!
SELECT name FROM people;
Who is the second person listed in the query result?


Possible Answers

Kanye West
<<A. Michael Baldwin>>
50 Cent
Jay Z

Submit the code to the right, check out the errors, then fix them!
--fixed--
-- Try running me!
SELECT'DataCamp <3 SQL'
AS RESULT


Onboarding | Multi-step Exercises
The following multi-step exercise allows you to practice a new concept through repetition. Check it out!


SELECT 'SQL is cool'
AS result;


Beginning your SQL journey
Now that you're familiar with the interface, let's get straight into it.

SQL, which stands for Structured Query Language, is a language for interacting with data stored in something called a relational database.

You can think of a relational database as a collection of tables. A table is just a set of rows and columns, like a spreadsheet, which represents exactly one type of entity. For example, a table might represent employees in a company or purchases made, but not both.

Each row, or record, of a table contains information about a single entity. For example, in a table representing employees, each row represents a single person. Each column, or field, of a table contains a single attribute for all rows in the table. For example, in a table representing employees, we might have a column containing first and last names for all employees.

The table of employees might look something like this:

id	name	age	nationality
1	Jessica	22	Ireland
2	Gabriel	48	France
3	Laura	36	USA
How many fields does the employees table above contain?

<<1>>


2


3


4


